VITSocial - A Social Media Website with Profile Page ,Leaderboard and ChatSystem
VITSocial

Welcome to VITSocial, a social media website built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. VITSocial offers a platform for users to connect with friends, share updates, and stay engaged in an online community. This readme file provides an overview of the features, technologies used, and instructions for getting started.

Table of Contents
Features
Technologies
Setup
Usage
Contributing

License
1. Features
VITSocial offers a range of features to provide a rich and engaging social media experience. Here are some of the main features:

1.1 Profile Page
Every user has their own profile page where they can:

Upload a profile picture
Update their personal information
Share posts and updates with friends
View and respond to comments
Follow and be followed by other users

1.2 Leaderboard
The leaderboard displays the most active and popular users on the platform based on their activity, likes, and comments. Users can see where they rank and strive to climb higher on the leaderboard.

1.3 Chat System
MySocial is integrated with Simple-Chat-Socket.io, a chat system created with NodeJS and Socket.io. Users can:

Create and join chat rooms
Send messages to friends and other users
Share media and documents in chats
Receive real-time notifications for new messages

2. Technologies
VITSocial is built using the following technologies:

HTML: The structure of web pages.
CSS: Styling and design of the website.
JavaScript: For interactive features and functionality.
Node.js: To run the Simple-Chat-Socket.io server.
Socket.io: To enable real-time chat functionality.

3. Setup
To set up VITSocial on your local machine, follow these steps:

Clone the repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/mysocial.git
Navigate to the project directory:

bash
Copy code
cd mysocial
Start the Node.js server for the chat system:

bash
Copy code
cd chat-server
npm install
node server.js
Open the MySocial website by opening the index.html file in a web browser.

4. Usage
User Registration: Start by creating a new user account on MySocial.

Profile Page: Customize your profile by adding a profile picture and personal information.

Home Feed: Share updates, photos, and posts on your home feed. Interact with posts by liking and commenting.

Leaderboard: Check the leaderboard to see how you rank among other users and compete to be the most active user.

Chat System: Explore the chat system to send messages, join chat rooms, and communicate with other users in real-time.

5. Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community. If you d like to contribute to MySocial, please follow these steps.

Fork the repository on GitHub.
Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
Make your changes and commit them with descriptive messages.
Push your branch to your fork.
Create a pull request to the main repository.

6. License
VITSocial is open-source software licensed under the MIT License. Please review the LICENSE file for more details.
Enjoy using VITSocial and stay connected with your friends and the online community!
